chore!: remove wait for completion parameter from geojson source (#7538)
maplibre/maplibre-gl-js: CHANGELOG.md

## main
### ✨ Features and improvements

> - ⚠️ Remove `waitForCompletion` parameter from GeoJSON source and remove the return value of `this` to allow future changes to the API ([#7538](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-js/issues/7538)) (by [@HarelM](https://github.com/HarelM))

Reviewer: lets be more precice

```suggestion
- ⚠️ Remove the second paramter from `GeoJSONSource.setData` (`waitForCompletion`) and remove the return value of `this` to allow future changes to the API ([#7538](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-js/issues/7538)) (by [@HarelM](https://github.com/HarelM))
```
